welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a thriller slash
horror film from 2017 titled the killing
of a sacred deer spoilers ahead watch
out and take care
the movie opens with steven
performing an open-heart surgery on a
patient he is a qualified and trained
cardiologist in a well-renowned hospital
after the surgery he cleans himself up
and talks to the anesthesiologist about
his watch he wants to buy the same one
steven then meets a teenage boy named
martin
at a diner they talk over food
steven seems to be some kind of mentor
to martin
after the food they sit by their car
near a bridge and stephen gives a watch
to martin it's the same watch that
stephen talked about with the
anesthesiologist
martin hugs stevenson thanks him for the
present after the meeting stephen has
dinner with his family his son bob
asks if he can go to a party with his
sister kim
stephen says he can if he cuts his hair
short steven's wife anna
says that she likes her son with long
hair and asks stephen to let him go to
the party stephen then mentions that he
has been spending some time with kim's
schoolmate martin because he wants to
become a cardiologist
that night in the bedroom anna and
steven have sex while anna pretends to
be under general anesthesia the next day
martin comes to the hospital without
notifying stephen
stephen isn't happy about it
apparently martin came to show him the
new leather strap in his watch then
steven introduces martin to his
anesthesiologist
later stephen and anna go to a party
where steven gives a speech
after the speech he talks to one of his
colleagues who offers him a cocktail but
he refuses
anna informs him that stephen hasn't
drunk alcohol in many years
later that day stephen meets martin at
the same place by the bridge
while they talk we find out that
martin's father had gotten into a car
accident and died 10 years ago
so now it's just him and his mom living
together
stephen invites martin over for dinner
to meet his wife and kids
later martin arrives at steven's house
with flowers
anna receives him at the front door
steven introduces martin to bob and kim
martin has even brought presents for
them
martin hangs out with stephen's children
in kim's room and asks them about
themselves
as they talk martin offers them to go
for a walk with him bob tells them he
would rather stay at home listening to
music but kim agrees
they walk together for a while then rest
by a lake
kim sings to martin while sits in front
of her
when they return home the whole family
sits with martin and chat
stephen offers him to stay the night but
martin says he doesn't like leaving his
mom by herself
later that night anna asked stephen to
call martin home often
soon stephen receives a call from martin
thanking him for the day he invites him
to his house over dinner to meet his
mother
later steven is driving through the
parking lot at the hospital and notices
martin walking nearby
in the evening stephen goes to martin's
house for dinner while they're eating
martin tells stephen that he'd like for
them to watch his father's favorite
movie
stephen agrees
sometime later martin says he is tired
and he gets up and goes to sleep leaving
stephen alone with his mother
she then mentions that she knew him as
the doctor who operated on her husband
she compliments his hands calling them
tender and beautiful
suddenly she grabs steven's hands kisses
them and starts sucking his fingers
stephen gets up and leaves the following
day martin comes to stephen claiming
that he is chest pain
steven advises him not to worry because
he is healthy
however martin tells him that his father
was healthy too when he died in surgery
after the test martin asks stephen to
take his shirt off and show his body
hair
stephen does without any hesitation
martin again offers steven to come to
dinner
steven refuses and tells him he would
come some other day
martin informs that he knows his mother
is attracted to him and they would make
a nice couple
stephen claims that he is married and he
is happy with his family
some days later stephen and anna are his
anesthesiologist's house for a barbecue
when martin calls steven
he wants steven to come to the diner
they usually meet at but steven declines
the anesthesiologist tells stephen that
he saw martin yesterday at the hospital
waiting by his car
stephen is surprised to hear that
that night kim tells stephen that martin
drove her back home from choir practice
on his friend's motorcycle
steven then calls martin but he doesn't
answer just then we see martin outside
the house watching bob is running late
for school the next day when stephen
goes in to get him out of bed bob
refuses
he says that he can't feel his legs he
is taken to the hospital where he
undergoes a neurological examination
before being told that nothing is wrong
he has regained his ability to walk and
is on his way out of the hospital with
anna but suddenly he collapses he can no
longer feel his legs again they admit
him back to the hospital and he
undergoes an mri
later they inform stephen that every
test came back normal the doctor
suggests bob stay at the hospital for a
night and stephen and anna can go home
that night kim returns home with martin
on his bike again
martin shows up the next day to pay a
visit to bob in the hospital but bob
isn't thrilled
martin asks steven to meet him in the
cafeteria in great anger stephen warns
martin not to get in front of him again
but still goes to the cafeteria martin
then tells stephen that he believes
stephen is his father's killer because
steven was operating him when he died
because stephen killed a member of
martin's family he'd now have to kill a
member of his own family
martin warns him that if he doesn't his
family will all die the same way his
father did
first they will lose the ability to walk
second they will starve themselves
third they'll bleed from their eyes
after that it will be mere hours until
they die he adds that steven can choose
whom to kill
thinking that martin is bluffing stephen
calls the securities who escort him out
of the hospital
stephen then goes to see bob and asks
him to eat some donuts but bob claims
that he is not hungry steven tries to
force him to eat but anna stops him
later kim hangs out with martin at her
house
they seem to be attracted to each other
as they talk kim seductively undresses
in front of him and lies on her bed
martin tells her that she is the
prettiest girl he ever met but he has to
go kim asks if he is mad at her dad and
admits to being in love with him martin
holds her hand for a while and leaves
without saying a word back at the
hospital anna and steven inform the
doctor about bob refusing to eat the
doctors run many tests but find them all
to be normal anna assumes that her son
suffers from some psychosomatic disorder
the doctors agree with her and suggest
psychiatric support stephen doesn't seem
to agree with anna or the other doctors
he tries making bob walk but he cannot
move his legs and falls on the ground
steven then asks bob if it's an act but
he insists it's not
later at school kim is singing in the
choir when she suddenly collapses she
ends up in the hospital beside bob
she too refuses to eat the hospital
continues to run tests on the two of
them but nothing wrong seems to be wrong
knowing that all this has to do with
martin somehow stephen drives to his
house and bangs on the door he returns
when no one answers
later stephen informs anna of martin's
claim
she inquires as to whether he had
consumed alcohol on the day he operated
on martin's father it's possible he says
but death on an operating table is
always the result of an
anesthesiologist's error a day or two
later anna is at the hospital with her
children when kim gets a phone call from
martin he tells her to stand up and come
to the window so she can see him in the
parking lot all of a sudden she's able
to stand up
she walks to the window but doesn't see
him but the second she hangs up the
phone her legs stop working again
bob also tries to walk but falls off the
bed anna forbids kim from talking to
martin and takes her phone away
later that day anna meets martin
she asks him about his father he
dismisses her question and instead
informs her of her husbands and his
mother's affair
she asks him why she and her children
should pay for the mistake steven made
martin doesn't answer and leaves anna
returns to the hospital and decides to
take the children home
early next morning anna meets the
anesthesiologist again
she asks him about martin's father's
hospital files but he says he cannot
show them to her she then asks if
stephen had been drinking the day of the
operation
the anesthesiologist says he remembers
stephen having two drinks the morning
before operating on martin's father
contrasting steven's words from earlier
he says when someone dies it's always
the fault of the surgeon
in return for the information anna gives
him an explicit hand job inside her car
the children are taken to the home from
the hospital
anna confronts stephen about his meeting
with martin's mother
steven shows his frustrations and starts
breaking stuff in the kitchen
that night stevens heads out
in the morning he takes anna down to the
basement where he has martin taped to a
chair his face covered in cuts and
bruises he thrashes martin in an attempt
to get him to stop
suddenly martin bites off a piece of
flesh from his arms stephen is furious
anna stops stephen who is almost ready
to shoot martin with a gun
the kids also find out that steven
should choose one of them to kill
they all try to flatter him to avoid
having to die
bob cuts his hair himself and says he
wants to be a cardiologist
when stephen is not at home anna takes
kim and bob to martin and she dresses
his wound
later at night kim drags herself down to
the basement when everyone is asleep and
asks martin to let her walk again so
they can run away together
steven and anna wake up to find kim
missing from her bed
they search every room for her but she
is nowhere to be found
steven interrogates martin about what he
did to her they begin driving around the
neighborhood until they come across her
dragging herself along the street her
knees and legs bleeding steven treats
her wounds at home while she apologizes
for going down to see martin the next
day anna claims to have set martin free
all of a sudden bob's eyes begin to
bleed they do not have much time before
all of them die
it's now up to stephen to make his
decision he tapes his family members and
covers their heads with pillowcases
before seating them in the living room
he stands in the middle with a rifle and
pulls a beanie down over his face
then he spins in a circle and fires the
rifle randomly he does this a few times
only hitting furniture until the final
time when we see blood begin to stream
down from under bob's pillowcase
the last scene shows stephen anna and
kim sitting in the diner when martin
enters and sits at the bar
he then looks at kim
kim looks at him back and she pours a
lot of ketchup in her fries
soon the family gets up and leaves the
diner and kim turns back and stares at
martin with a fierce look before exiting
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this thanks for watching
[Music]
you